
Add Another Module as Add Product :-
Steps for Adding and Managing Products On Admin Login Only . 
1.	Product List Display:
	o	When the user clicks on "Add Product", a list of existing products will be displayed in a table format.
	o	Each product entry will show:
				Product Name
				Points (Calculated based on product)
				Edit Option: An option to edit the product details (name, points).
				Save Button: Once the changes are made, the user can click Save to update the product.
2.	Add Product Form:
		o	The user can click on "Add New Product" to open a form where they can enter details for a new product.
		o	Fields for Adding Product:
				Product Name
				Points (Sale Points for the product)
				Submit Button to add the product to the list.
3.	Sale Points Calculation:
		o	Each product will have a sale point associated with it.
		o	Example Calculation:
					1 Merchant = 2 Points
					1 Soundbox = 2 Points
					1 Android Swipe Machine = 6 Points
					1 Android Printer Swipe Machine = 10 Points
					1 Distributor = 15 Points
					1 mATM = 4 Points
4.	Editable Product List:
o	The product list will show existing products with an Edit button beside each product.
o	When Edit is clicked, the product’s details (name, points) will become editable.
o	After editing, the admin user will click Save to apply the changes.

o	Once the product is added or updated, it will reflect in Visitor Report and Add Visitor Form . Update the visitor Report Module as required.

Add another Module Known as Sales Report .
- Creating sales report is permitted to BDE only but others can view the Sales Reports .
- On Sales Report page  We need to show 
•	Today’s Sale Points
o	Display total sales added Point  today 
•	This Month’s Sale Points
o	Total points generated in the current month
•	Month-wise Sale Report
o	Dropdown or calendar to select a month name
o	Show sales data for that specific month


Add an Option to Add Sales Report for BDE :-

•	Clicking on "Add Sale Report" opens a form with these fields:
 The form Should have below Fields:
•	Merchant Name (Text input)
•	Merchant Mobile Number (Text input)
•	Location (Text input)
•	Amount (Number input)
•	Transaction ID (Txn ID) (Text input)
•	Payment Mode (Dropdown):
	o	UPI
	o	NEFT
	o	IMPS
	o	CHEQUE
	o	RTGS
•	Product (Dropdown)- Whiich is dependent of Add Product Feature and Get Product List from there .
	o	Soundbox
	o	Merchant
	o	Android Swipe Machine
	o	Android Printer Swipe Machine
	o	Distributor
	o	mATM
•	Submit Button

There will be a Logic for Sale Point Calculation below :- 
Make Sure we add an Option in Admin panel to Update the Points as well based On Product .
Sale Point Calculation
  1 Merchant = 2 Points 
  1 Soundbox = 2 Points 
  1 Android Swipe Machine = 6 Points 
  1 Android Printer Swipe Machine = 10 Points 
  1 Distributor = 15 Points 
  1 mATM = 4 Points


In Sale Report Management (Admin Login)
•	In the Sale Report list, each entry Will have :
		o	Sale details
		o	Approval Button (visible only to Admin)
		
IF admin_clicks_approve_button THEN
    UPDATE report_status = "Approved"
    SHOW message: "Sale report approved successfully"


Sale Report Section for Admin Login will have  
Header Summary
Metric	Description
📅 Today’s Sale Amount =	Sum of all sale amounts added today
🎯 Today’s Total Points	 = Total calculated points from today’s sales
🔄 Pending Admin Target =	Admin target minus total current achieved points from all executives

📥 Admin can download all Sale Reports 
•	🧑💼 Manager-wise Sale Report
•	🧑💼 BDM-wise Sale Report
•	🧑💼 Executive-wise Sale  Report



Simple Flow Summary :-
Flow Summary
1.	User adds a sale report using the form.
2.	It gets added to the system with status = "Pending".
3.	Admin sees a list of reports with an Approve button.
4.	On approval, report status updates to Approved.


